former representatives of the NATO block and composition
Maltese participants
conference clearly demonstrated
world community
hypocritical position of western investors
peace treaty value
army units of the armed forces
soviet union located on
border with Serbia ready to give
brutal selection of any aggressor
which he
war was inevitable
too much was invested
so that you can lower everything on
brakes
we waited dmitri kozak
soldier morale was strong
many laughed saying we are not assholes sumner
decaying west
but were among the carriers who are not
laughed
veterans of fights
in Dagestan
in her were at war there is knowledge that this
document
you
b
with
yes yes working time
happened not
you do not know
Colonel Orlovsky
our legend
price
trolley bus
abbyy and all
this is exactly comrades Orlovsky
and I thought we could do for these
goals
roads may the success of everything depends on you
enterprises
besides the countdown went no less
experienced rapidshare also so much so but i
it has not gone further
or rather not even my dear precious part
did you get australia
so that
like what we do
everything goes according to plan
don't say to change
solving the politburo and so on
our business is small
they all decided
conduct a romanova now
the square investigates all approaches to
Understand the enemy positions companion
the colonel
in the Mediterranean can be faster
when
soon
at
rubles
population so under your command
must conduct reconnaissance
wait until the communication of the colonel
lieutenant my girlfriend high ring
intelligence will no longer act by
Odessa plan before the start of the general
offensive need more than that
Streets means your opponents
the problem is more that in the game position happened in
means feel free to go
war here's the turn iran end of communication
to these countries
we do not agree
connected star
ready to go arrangement
the adversary will start with cleaning the registry not
say about raising
arrival camps trimmed
novels
now about 1
in the first position to detect to enter
here pushing here
noticed reconnaissance
enemy flight
he did not see us
the guard went out to defend
guard and liquidated
protector destroyed
romance star
questions and comrade lieutenant
dominates objects
GDP
detailed tips laid
Rostov on Don
I'm a man myself
you sent the coordinates of the point
evacuation
use ships quickly and covertly
the moment of the beginning of the assault
we will approach the charges
nephew
paper and area as quickly as possible
task completed bypass yo see
a couple of days comrade lieutenant
end of connections
so three of them worked dinar
scattered the purpose of rosokha through
few days now and get ready for the assault
order to receive and in an hour yet
connections